/*EMSegmentedControl.js
Description: A drop-in replacement for standard input radio matrices, that creates a toggleable segmented control.
Based on work from : Collin Henderson - http://syropia.net - collin@syropia.net
Modification : Yves-Gael Billet
Version: 1.0


**What is EMSegmentedControl?**

EMSegmentedControl is a drop-in replacement for standard HTML radio groups that aims at the idea of selectable segments instead of radio buttons.

**What is EMSegmentedControlExtend?**

EMSegmentedControlExtend is based on EMSegmentedControl (Collin Henderson). It now support checkbox.

**Difference between radiobutton and checkbox ?**

Radio buttons allow only one selection whereas Checkboxs allow multiple selection.

**Neat! How do I use it?**

1. Be sure to include the Jquery library, as well as the EMSegmentedControl javascript, and css file in your <head> tag. Make sure you load Jquery _before_ you load EMSegmentedControl.
2. Now you must initialize the plugin. You're actually going to apply the plugin to a containing `<div>`. So make sure to wrap each radio group in a div tag and give it a class or id. Please see the demo page on proper structure.

**I can't see my original radio buttons anymore. How is the value going to be stored?**

Fear not, your radio buttons are just hidden, and the plugin is controlling their state. All values will be captured, just like using a regular radio group.

**I wanna make it fit my site!**

Cool, everything is drawn in CSS3, so hop in to the CSS file and go nuts.